# Mach Physics engine

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-yellow.svg)](#license)

An open source 3D physics engine. A reincarnation of my old physics engine:
[react](https://github.com/yggie/react) in Rust. Feature list is currently very
limited and the library is still in the experimentation phase, therefore I do
not recommend using the library. If you are looking for a physics engine in
Rust, have a look at [nphysics](https://github.com/sebcrozet/nphysics) which I
use as my reference implementation.

# Motivation

I have always wanted to build a physics engine, and with Rust maturing into an
amazing language, I wanted to put the two things together. So I came up with
this crazy idea to write a physics engine in Rust!

The project is also an exercise in software architecture and testing applied to
a high performance and unpredictable application. I am a strong believer in
test driven development and transparent software architecture, and applying
those beliefs to a physics engine is probably one of my biggest challenge yet! I
try hard to apply my experience in testing software to drive the physics engine
forward (something you donâ€™t see very often in this field), and also to keep the
application architecture sane and not expose too much of the implementation.
With all these in mind, the project is progressing much slower than I would
like! But hopefully it will all pay off later. It is my hope that with a
transparent, solid and well tested foundation, this project could eventually be
completely self supported by the community.

# Documentation

The documentation can be viewed locally. Simply run the following command in the
project directory:

```
make docs
```

# Testing

Tests are written using the standard library tools. All are under the `tests/`
directory, and can be run using the command:

```
make test
```

Some tests can be visualized using the
[mach-test-browser-standalone](https://github.com/yggie/mach-test-browser-standalone).
To visualize the results, the test browser must first be running. Do that with
the command:

```
make debug-server
```

This starts the debugging server on http://localhost:8888. Test visualization is
disabled by default, therefore to run the visualization, you will need a special
command:

```
make debug
```

This will re-compile the tests with the visualization flag active. Once
complete, the task automatically opens the browser with the visualization.

# Dependencies

This library has no dependencies.


# License

This software is distributed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).
